What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

	Git creates a .git directory inside the repository and prepares everything 
	for you to start using Git.  It does not create an initial commit because
	then it would not allow you to enter a description.  You need to do this to
	let Git know that this is the location of a repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
What value do you think it offers?

	The staging area is different from the working directory in that it may not 
	contain all the files from the directory, but only the files that are within
	the scope of your impending commit.  The repository is the storage of all 
	completed commits, where a commit goes after it is committed from the 
	staging area.  It offers a working area to organize a commit, much like a 
	kitchen island offers a temporary preparation surface while cooking between 
	raw materials and finished product.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?

	You can run git diff and git diff --staged to see the changes between the 
	working directory and the staging area, and the staging area and the last 
	commit respectively.  This ensures you know what changes you are about to 
	commit, and that you can describe these changes accurately for the commit.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history
organized? How would branches help?

	Creating branches can help in instances where you want to try out an 
	experimental feature, when you have an alternate version while still needing
	your working master code, or possibly to test different versions of code to
	test performance.  Branches keep the variations on separate commit timelines
	making them easier to keep track of.  It also makes it easier to checkout 
	the different branches because you can refer to them by name.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

	The diagrams help demonstrate the chronology of the various commits and with
	which branch they are associated with.  It shows what commit the new branch 
	is based off of and what commits there are new changes that arent included.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?

	The result is a combination of all changes to both branches since they were
	diverged.  We represent it in the diagram with arrows off in different 
	directions because the arrows point to the parent commit of each commit in 
	the branch and eventually they have a common ancestor that git can use to 
	determine what changes to keep.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?

	Automatic merging is great because it simply determines which changes to 
	keep by the commit history and whether the lines were added or removed in 
	any of them.  The downside is you wouldn't want Git automatically deciding 
	which line to keep if they are different, so luckily the manual merge option
	works great by pointing out the conflicts and letting you decide.  It is a
	little bit more tedious by forcing you to merge the code yourself but it is 
	better to have a human decision especially since you know the code better 
	than any program can.